Add `Unpromise` type (#42)
sindresorhus/type-fest: readme.md

- [`RequireAtLeastOne`](source/require-at-least-one.d.ts) - Create a type that requires at least one of the given properties.
- [`ReadonlyDeep`](source/readonly-deep.d.ts) - Create a deeply immutable version of a `object`/`Map`/`Set`/`Array` type.
- [`LiteralUnion`](source/literal-union.d.ts) - Create a union type by combining primitive types and literal types without sacrificing auto-completion in IDEs for the literal type part of the union. Workaround for [Microsoft/TypeScript#29729](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript/issues/29729).

> - [`Unpromise`](source/unpromise.d.ts) - Returns type wrapped in `Promise`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`Unpromise`](source/unpromise.d.ts) - Returns the type that is wrapped inside a `Promise` type.
```
